one could argue the jeff foster is the
Jerry Seinfeld of enlightenment open up
one of Jeff's books and in similarity to
the television show Seinfeld you might
say it is about nothing Jeff would
probably take that as a compliment
specifically we're reviewing Jeff
Foster's book the wonder of being this
is a combined revised edition of his two
earlier books life without a center and
Beyond awakening jeff foster is a master
of relaying the viewpoint of the
awakened state he's like a doctor with a
specialty while other writers on the
subject may be good general
practitioners or have specialties in
other areas Jeff is the author to read
if you want to see where it all leads
the reason for the allusion to seinfeld
is the Jeff Foster's books and teachings
are remarkably simple one could try to
sit and read this book in a few days
cover to cover but it wouldn't do the
book justice the paradox is the
simplicity is very meaningful there is
much to ponder and contemplate over Jeff
score teaching is that your everyday
experience is who you really are you are
life itself if you remove the thought
that the character you identify with is
you then what is left is just this
moment is written in the book quote
truth looks like this breathing a cough
a bird landing on an electricity pylon
over there the wind blowing the warmth
of the mug in your right hand thought
popping up about last night's football
match the buzzing of the television in
quote
he uses the terms just this frequently
and he's referencing everyday experience
there's also quite a bit of inquiry type
questions throughout the book again this
is good for contemplation questions like
quote will you be present at your own
death who will you be at the moment of
your death who are you at the moment of
your birth these can be thought
provoking or mine stopping the wonder of
being isn't for everyone if you're just
starting out on your spiritual journey
this book could be maddening the ego
isn't going to want to hear that
everything is just this by the book
anyway and pick it up when you feel like
it everyone will come to a point during
their search where this book will be
extremely rewarding once you've dropped
your concepts of enlightenment being
something supernatural or making certain
people special and others not you will
welcome the simplicity and truth found
in this book we largely review books
that we'd like and think others will
find helpful at enlightenment dudes calm
and this book is no exception the
Enlightenment dudes give the Wonder
being a nine out of 10 on our infinity
scale for more reviews come back to
enlightenment dudes calm
you